Stack Implementation Using `LifoQueue.md, before:

# Stack Implementation Using `LifoQueue` (Max Size 7) 🔄

This Python program demonstrates a stack implemented using the `LifoQueue` class from the `queue` module. It allows up to 7 elements, checks if the stack is full, and then prints the elements in reverse (LIFO) order.

## 🎯 Aim

To create a Python program that:
- Implements a stack using `LifoQueue` with a maximum size of 7
- Adds user-inputted values to the stack
- Checks whether the stack is full
- Prints the stack elements in reverse order (LIFO)

## 📋 Algorithm

1. Import the `LifoQueue` class from the `queue` module.
2. Create a stack with a maximum size of 7.
3. Read the number of elements (`n`) to be added to the stack.
4. Loop `n` times:
   - Read a value from the user.
   - Use `put()` to push it onto the stack if it's not full.
5. Use `full()` to check if the stack is full and print the result.
6. Use `get()` repeatedly to pop and print elements in reverse order.

## Program
Add Code Here

## 🧪 Sample Input and Output

## Result:

Commit message:

Update Stack Implementation Using `LifoQueue.md

Stack Implementation Using `LifoQueue.md, after:

# Stack Implementation Using `LifoQueue` (Max Size 7) 🔄

This Python program demonstrates a stack implemented using the `LifoQueue` class from the `queue` module. It allows up to 7 elements, checks if the stack is full, and then prints the elements in reverse (LIFO) order.

## 🎯 Aim

To create a Python program that:
- Implements a stack using `LifoQueue` with a maximum size of 7
- Adds user-inputted values to the stack
- Checks whether the stack is full
- Prints the stack elements in reverse order (LIFO)

## 📋 Algorithm

1. Import the `LifoQueue` class from the `queue` module.
2. Create a stack with a maximum size of 7.
3. Read the number of elements (`n`) to be added to the stack.
4. Loop `n` times:
   - Read a value from the user.
   - Use `put()` to push it onto the stack if it's not full.
5. Use `full()` to check if the stack is full and print the result.
6. Use `get()` repeatedly to pop and print elements in reverse order.

## Program
```

from queue import LifoQueue
def create_stack():
    stack = LifoQueue(maxsize=5)
    n = int(input())  
    for _ in range(n):
        value = int(input())
        if not stack.full():
            stack.put(value)
    print(stack.full())
    temp = []
    while not stack.empty():
        temp.append(stack.get())

    for val in temp:
        print(val)
create_stack()

```
## 🧪 Sample Input and Output
<img width="567" height="433" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2df2bc92-498a-4983-b040-94497a84d7f2" />

## Result:
The Program was executed successfully
